ehat is  a Server: is a computer program or device that provides a service to another computer program and its user, also known as the client. Is a physical computer or an actual machine. 

What is the role of domain name?: Is to server to indetify internet resources such as computers, network and services with a text-based label that is easier to memorize thatn the numerical addresses used in the internet protocols.

What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com?: An A record is used in www.foobar.com(A record uses a domain name to find the IP address of a computer connected to the internet.

What is the role of the web server?: Is to display website content through storing, processing and delivering webpages to users.

What is the role of the application server?:  is to act as host (or container) for the user’s business logic while facilitating access to and performance of the business application.

What is the role of the database?:  Serving as the intermediary between the user and the database, a DBMS provides users access to files stored in a database. It provides the end user with a single, integrated view of the data, and translates all applications it receives into complex operations that fulfil those requests. 

What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website?:
- Web browsers communicate with web servers using the HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP). When you click a link on a web page, submit a form, or run a search, the browser sends an HTTP Request to the server.

You must be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure: 
- SPOF:  is a part of a system that, if it fails, will stop the entire system from working.[1] SPOFs are undesirable in any system with a goal of high availability or reliability, be it a business practice, software application, or other industrial system. 

Image URL: https://github.com/elizabethraf/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/master/0x09-web_infrastructure_design/img/0-simple_web_stackERaf.png

